docs: note minimum supabase-js version for passkeys (#46491)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/passkeys.mdx

</Admonition>

<Admonition type="note">

> **Requires `@supabase/supabase-js` v2.106.2 and later.** Upgrade your client library to use passkey authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Requires `@supabase/supabase-js` v2.105.0 and later.** Upgrade your client library to use passkey authentication.
```
